# Funds

## FOR RETAIL INVESTORS

## Powered by ioBots, iob crypto derivative funds have been performing well in both bull and bear markets.

## DAO-MANAGED SMART CONTRACT

## Defy Fund

##### Smart contract as a hedge fund

Created and managed by a separate DAO. Assets are held by the DAO smart contract that also execute the trading on various exchanges.

##### FI token staking reward

Defy fund investors receive iob.fi governance token, FI, on a regular distribution schedule.

##### Trading cryptos and synthetic derivatives

By adding trading in uncorrelated stocks, commodities and indices, our overall performances are expected to be further enhanced.

Token:

DEFY

Token Contract address:

0xce1dd81e1e0c9fd52846d92be9a4f9fa34539ca5

iob Defy is a one of the first DeFi actively managed fund pools on DEXes. The DEFY token is a "product token" of the Defy fund. Its transparency is governed by a DAO.

## Quasar Fund

Quasar Fund was our dev team's "lab rat." It has been our test ground in real-time algorithm development and optimization. It also served as an honest measure of our track record.

A successful trading system must use real money trading in an evolving development that hardens the fragility that many other systems have.

##### 13.49%

[13.49% 1-year return](https://iob.fund/performance/quasar) while testing the new trading bots, ioBots. Real-world production results could have been better without intentional test orders. *

##### 151.68%

Signals generated by the same ioBots have achieved a [151.68% total return](https://iob.fund/signals/portfolio) if each signal, either long or short, is fully invested with $10,000.

##### Stable growth

Achieved consistent growth with a small max draw down even with experimental system testing orders.

###### IN A NUTSHELL

# You have access to cryptos, stocks and other asset classes to achieve the long-term growth.

* Please remember that past performance may not be indicative of future results.
