# FAQ

## General Questions

### What is iob.fi?

iob.fi is a decentralized autonomous organization \(DAO\).

### What does iob.fi do?

iob.fi manages multi-asset-class hedge funds aiming to achieve superior returns with controlled max drawdowns.

Unable to find a Web3 solution in order to interact with the various DeFi platforms by our "black box" trading system, we have decided to develop one, the Prodefy platform, for our quantitative trading platform. To lead the effort of decentralized finance adoption by institutional traders, we will open it up for Wall Street firms as an open-source project.

### Why iob.fi?

iob.fi seeks consistent capital appreciation. With over 20 years in managing various types of funds totaling billions of dollars, iob.fi founding members have developed a cryptocurrency trading system called ioBots. ioBots is a set of rule-based algorithmic trading strategies, order, risk, and asset management tools.

In the past 12 months, ioBots has demonstrated above-average returns in real-time, real-money trading while being constantly developed. Changes were made daily sometimes. The ioBots-generated trading signals have been tracked in real-time on [iob.fund](https://iob.fund). If the signals automatically invested with $10,000 each time, the model portfolio would have made over 150% in the first 12-month period. ioBots has added new markets continuously and gradually. The original 6 starting markets \(crypto pairs\) have demonstrated gains ranging from 183.9% to 597.35% for the first 12 months.

## Fund products for retail investors

### What is the most important thing in investment and trading success?

Consistency is the \#1 secret to be a winning trader, but most traders fail to achieve it. Long-term views always win in trading. Most failed traders inadvertently treating trading as an adventure, rather than a profit-making business, therefore fail to achieve consistency.

### What is the best trading strategy?

A successful trader would start with a clear trading objective first. All methods of wealth growth start with a clear objective and a detailed action plan. Simply wanting to "make lots of money" is neither. Same as running a successful business, trading strategies and setups are only meaningful after a clearly defined objective is formulated.

### Why am I not achieving trading consistency?

The key to consistency is to keep what you have earned, and the key to that is to clearly define your Expected Max Drawdown _BEFORE_ entering any trade.

### **How to choose the best strategy?**

For any trading strategy to work well, you first must identify what the Market Type is at the moment.

### Why are the iob Market Types?

iob.fi identifies which of the 5 Market Types: Very Bullish, Bullish, Choppy, Bearish, or Very Bearish is underway every day for each market we are trading through a proprietary algorithm.

### Why is market-type awareness important?

Trading methods and strategies are not one-size-fits-all. A certain strategy may work well in the bullish market but loses badly in a bearish market. It is essential to have the right strategies for the corresponding market type.

### Again, what is the best trading strategy?

This is no one single "best strategy." Each very bullish, bullish, choppy, bearish, or very bearish market type calls for a different trading strategy for that market on that trading day.

### What are ioBots trading signals?

Trading Signals are buying and selling trading signals generated by ioBots developed by IOB LLC, which is being transferred iob.fi DAO. Currently, ioBots is covering 20 markets, including BTC, ETH, ADA, XTZ, Gold, MSFT, and TSLA, among others. These are the same trading signals Quasar Fund uses for all trading decisions. The Signals started for 6 trading pairs in July 2019. 14 more markets were subsequently added. The best historical total return is BCH with a 601.57% profit. The worst is XTZ with a loss of 11.46%. You can find detailed Signal performance history [here](https://iob.fund/signal/history/BTCUSD).

### What is Quasar Fund?

Started on September 3, 2019, Quasar Fund was the real-time trading "lab rat" used for ioBots algorithmic development. It also serves as a real-time, real-money track record builder for IOB LLC fund managers.

### Why are the results of the signals better than that of Quasar Fund?

The Trading Signals and Quasar Fund have totally different objectives. Each "trading position" in the model portfolio is always [fully invested with $10,000](https://iob.fund/signals/portfolio), regardless of the risk level of the signal. This results in potentially big profits with larger per-position losses. The Model Portfolio represents an "Aggressive Growth" fund trading objective. On the other hand, the "Total Return" trading portfolio may have a higher risk tolerance and a higher expected return.

No longer relying on centralized exchanges for order execution, Quasar Fund will be migrated to one of our DeFi funds in the near future.

### What is Defy Fund?

iob Defy Fund is the first tokenized, actively managed DeFi fund in the world. Defy will invest in derivatives of non-correlated asset classes including cryptocurrencies, commodities, and stock futures.

The objective of the Defy Fund is low-risk, stable growth with targeted annual return in the low double digits.  

### What's the difference between Defy and liquidity pools?

Currently, all the diversified liquidity pools are passive mixers of tokens. Some of them are similar to sector-specific ETFs. Since cryptocurrencies are highly correlated, they may suffer large drawdowns \(sometimes drops over 80% from their peaks in a short period of time\) as the cryptocurrencies regularly exhibit in the past. Defy actively trading in derivatives representing different asset classes, mitigating excessive drawdown risk.

Most liquidity pools hold just a few high-flying tokens at the time of their creation. They may experience some extraordinary short-term upside moves, but their short-term-focused design may not yield true meaningful long-term profit potential.

### What do I get by investing in Defy Fund?

The possibility of consistent capital appreciation for years to come. Defy Fund is not designed to chase the newest fad that may be associated with excessive risks.

To encourage our community-driven governance, Defy Fund investors and liquidity providers are granted FI governance token staking rewards.

## Solutions for institutional investors

### What is Prodefy?

iob Prodefy is a unifying multi-financial protocols communication platform connecting FIX \(Financial Information eXchange\) protocol, Pillar, and other protocols to Web3-enabled decentralized finance \(DeFi\) and cryptocurrency trading.

For the high-performance trading systems, Prodefy is akin to Bloomberg Markets of DeFi.

### Who needs Prodefy?

The institutional hedge fund trades and Wall Street firms.

One of the obstacles that have prevented the large hedge funds from the crypto investing and trading is that the crypto trading infrastructure is incompatible with their existing trading systems.

### Why can Wall Street firms not build their own DeFi solutions?

They certainly can. However, there are reasons, besides the current government regulations and their internal compliance restrictions, why the institutional traders and investors are largely absent from the DeFi revolution.

The emergence of decentralized exchanges \(DEXes\) has fundamentally changed how trading takes place. Gone are the centralized order books, specialists, and market makers who all have the inherited advantages over small traders. Most Wall Street firms count their existence on those advantages.

Moreover, DeFi has some pros and cons for the professional traders. While zero slippage is an attractive feature, but on-chain transactions renders some of the main benefits of HFT impossible.

### Who else can also benefit from Prodefy?

The cryptocurrency exchanges, both centralized and decentralized exchanges. 

Currently, they are only built for retail traders, crypto enthusiasts who are willing to experiment with the new financial revolution with limited and unreliable trading infrastructure.

Cryptocurrencies and DeFi will become a true force of change once the institutional establishments are on board. Through Prodefy, institutional investors are able to tap into the DeFi platforms. The exchanges can benefit from the new trading money that is maybe hundreds of times their current trading volume.

### What other major functionalities are being planned for Prodefy?

Unified asset and investment management. 

A single place to manage your asset and investment both in traditional and decentralized markets, as well as your funds' banking needs.

### What are the major applications Prodefy can be used in the near future?

Prodefy can be used by institutional traders for creating new derivatives trading pairs of any assets, synthetic indices, and offering new index trading and actively managed trading products to their clients.

### What are the possible extensions for Prodefy?

When our own and institutional clients' needs have exceeded the functionalities provided by the prevailing DEXs, we will work with them to deploying a more robust trading venue.

## DeFi

### Why does iob.fi need DeFi?

#### Trading anything anywhere in the world

DeFi platforms are naturally suitable for iob.fi to create and to trade any asset classes globally with universal market access. Synthetic derivatives break the common barriers of borders and fiat currencies. For instance, now anyone anywhere in the world can trade the gold futures with a Web3 wallet.

#### Permissionless

Trading without borders and gatekeepers. 

Markets are democratized for anyone to access and are governed by the transparency of smart contracts.

#### Secure

Your asset, your private key, your control.

#### The new market opportunities

DeFi is the future of finance. iob.fi has a deep understanding of both traditional finance and emerging decentralized finance. DeFi has only largely captured the imaginations and excitement of the retail investors and traders so far. There is a disconnection between the old and new. DeFi innovations are led mostly by coders with little or no financial background, and that is actually an advantage they have -- not being burdened by the old-fashion ways of thinking and the predatory ways of doing business. However, the financial world is still being controlled by traditional institutional players. We have witnessed that the two sides are belittling each other every day. We believe they will gradually adapt and penetrate each other's turfs. Being one of the first to build a bridge between the traditional and decentralized finance, iob.fi is in a similar position that is similar to the early days of the Bloomberg Markets system.

## FI Token

### What is FI?

FI is the iob.fi DAO governance token. It has no preset initial par value. Today FI is used for voting on proposals of all business aspects of iob.fi. FI will be used as a native token for the Prodefy technology platform in Phase 2. FI holders will be given control of the iob.fi ecosystem in Phase 3 of the iob.fi product launch.

### Why does iob.fi DAO need FI?

FI aligns incentives in the iob.fi DAO for value creation and economic growth. By linking demand for services to FI, the iob.fi DAO is able to benefit from the success of the products and services it provides. FI holders can also have a direct say in the evolution of the network by participating in governance.

### What is the FI token structure?

25% of FI tokens are initially allocated to founding members, core contributors, advisors, and partners, all subject to vesting periods.

5% of tokens are allocated for the Prodefy Ecosystem Fund. This fund will be deployed to attract and incentivize strategic partners that will help the Balancer ecosystem grow and thrive. FI holders will ultimately decide how this fund is used over the coming years.

The remaining 21.5% of tokens are intended to be mostly distributed to iob.fi fund investors in the coming years.

### Do I get any additional benefits for holding FI over the long term?

By holding FI you can benefit from any potential increase in the value of the iob.fi and its related products and services.

## IOB Token

### What is IOB?

IOB was created in October 2017. The IOB LLC and iob.fi business are entirely funded by the funds from the sale of IOB tokens, along with some successful and failed investments in cryptocurrency projects.

### What is the exchange rate between IOB and FI tokens?

IOB holders have the right to convert their IOB into FI. Each conversion event is unique. Conversions are proposed by iob.fi core members initially and are determined by the majority voting power approval of the IOB holders on the iob.fi DAO. 

Important policy proposals such as token conversion price, available batch amount are made by the designated core member during Phase 1 and 2 of iob.fi DAO deployment. After a certain amount of IOB tokens are burnt, in Phase 3 the entire IOB token control will be given to the IOB holders.

### Since IOB holders only control 48.5% of FI tokens, will the FI holders out-vote IOB holders on important matters, including IOB to FI conversions? 

Not likely. 

First of all, only the current IOB holders can vote on matters concerning IOB to FI conversion. Secondly, the conversion mechanism is so designed that the IOB holders ARE the majority of the FI holders for a foreseeable future. 

In the beginning, iob.fi DAO core members act as a 'central bank' that controls and balances the FI 'money' supply. If we do things sensibly, we will not flood the market with an excess of FI token supply that will ruin the token economics and the price of FI in the open market. For a period after FI's creation, only IOB holders are FI token suppliers. 

Eventually, the role of the 'central bank' will be given to the entire community, no longer in the hands of the core members.  

### What will happen to IOB Power points on SiP?

They are yours to keep and are exchangeable to IOB tokens. 

### What will happen to the IOB tokens that were converted into FI?

The converted IOB tokens are considered as Redeemed and will be permanently burnt.

### Can IOB holders vote on iob.fi DAO?

Yes. IOB holders can wrap their IOB temporarily into wIOB on iob.fi. The wIOB tokens can then participate in voting on all proposals in the iob.fi DAO.

### Who holds IOB? 

Over [1,100 unique addresses](https://etherscan.io/token/0x6130ff302f24267380753e52ece48b852be3dd38#balances) hold a total of 11,603,244 outstanding tokens. 

## DAO

### What is iob.fi DAO management team?

There is no central leadership, decisions are made in a bottom-up way. It has its own rules, such as how to manage funds that belong to iob.fi.

### Where is iob.fi DAO registered?

The DAO structure gives internet communities unprecedented power to organize around shared values and resources. There is no centralized registration or any national borders.

### How is iob.fi DAO organized by its contributing members?

Decentralized organizations can solve some of the traditional companies' worst problems. All of us are not constrained by geography. Members work remotely by a shared vision.

### If the core members control all the important mattes and even act as a 'central bank,' how decentralized is iob.fi DAO?

We intend to give all the control to the community. However, we can only do it in a gradual, guided, and controlled way towards the state of total democracy. 

During Phase 1 of the DAO deployment, only some of the core members are designated to make policy proposals. The entire community of FI and IOB holders is still entitled to vote for each proposal. A proposal is enacted only after it receives the required vote counts. Phase 2 will give any token holder the right to make proposals on most business policies for the community to vote. In Phase 3, the community is given the total control of iob.fi DAO and anyone can make a proposal on any policy matters. 

### What is the voting-power difference between IOB and FI? 

IOB holders can vote on ALL matters on iob.fi DAO through wIOB while FI holders can vote on most, but not all policies. For instance, FI cannot vote on IOB to FI conversion proposals. However, most FI holders are at the same time IOB holders during the first two phases of DAO's deployment, we do not see a drastic conflict between the two camps.

### Why do I need to wrap IOB tokens into wIOB?

wIOB tokens are needed for voting on iob.fi DAO. 

IOB token code was created in 2017 and is not upgradable. We have been building a wrap feature on iob.fi DAO so IOB holders can wrap their tokens to participate in voting on the DAO. One IOB equals one wIOB and they can be unwrapped at any time, without permission from anyone, by the token owner.   

### What are the benefits of iob.fi DAO?

iob.fi DAO is an inclusive, transparent, and global model for human coordination. It brings superpowers to the online community that shares our longer vision since 2017.

iob.fi DAO enables the community to:

#### Attract and incentivize contributors

The DAO incentivizes contributors by giving them a say in the future of the organization. Through the iob.fi DAO, our research and development effort will reach a global level. Anyone can make a contribution from any corner of the world, not only the "employees."

#### Pool funds

iob.fi DAO allows people all around the world to pool funds.

#### Govern those funds together

It allows people to collaboratively channel common funds towards common missions.

### What is my power?

Over time, we will be scheduling votes to decide on a range of issues, including \(but not limited to\):

#### IOB token conversions

The community will decide on the IOB to FI conversion rate and the batch amount available for each voluntary swap.

#### Management fees and incentives

For each new fund, the community decides on its management fee and incentive structures.

#### Dividend payouts

Authorizing dividend payout ratio, timing, and payment methods.

#### Business expansions

Allocation of FI grants to development efforts and new business partnerships.

#### Core member replacements

Propose and vote on organization leadership members, including the financial controller, key advisors, and security council members.

