# On diversification and risk control

Defy Fund gives retail investors to get exposure to cryptos, forex, commodity futures, and stocks.

## Why we diversify?

Most fund managers state that they diversify to reduce portfolio risk. That is not the reason for us to trade as many classes of assets as possible. 

We diversify using several DeFi platforms for the following two main reasons:

1. **More trading opportunities:** In the past five-plus years since our fund managers started trading cryptocurrencies, the crypto markets are highly correlated most of the time. Most of them move up and down on any given day at the same time. Trading cryptos results in trading not only in one asset class but also the benefit of trading only one market. We trade both long \(buy\) and short \(sell\) positions and our trading strategies are determined by the [Market Types](https://docs.iob.fi/getting-started/faq#why-are-the-iob-market-types). In our experience, the directionless Choppy market type accounts for most of the trading days. We stay away from choppy markets because we are not good at catching the relative highs and lows of small movements. The result is that we were out of the market _most_ of the time. This is also why there are no trading [Signals when you visit here](https://iob.fund/signals/more). By adding stocks and commodity futures to the trading baskets, we have more opportunity to stay in one of the moving markets.    
2. **Providing easy access to multiple-asset classes to overseas traders:** Mos of our clients have an existing investment portfolio and are seeking more exposure to assets not available in their home country. However, it has always been expensive for institutional traders and basically impossible for smaller retail traders to have broad market access. The cost is too high, plus it is geographically and politically impossible for most of the people in less developed countries. [Through smart-contract-enabled synthetic assets](https://docs.iob.fi/getting-started/faq#what-is-defy-fund), decentralized finance platforms are offering anyone a chance to trade stocks, commodity futures, and any liquid assets in the world. 

## What about risk control?

Using diversification as the means of risk control is ineffective. It is often used as an excuse for incompetence. 

Risk control is the starting and the endpoint of all of our trading strategies and portfolio management. We use different risk control methods as the main ways to achieve trading objectives. Every trade goes through the Risk Engine before it was generated by the Decision Engine, and it is the Risk Engine that gives the Order Server the final approval before an open order is sent. After a position is established, the Risk Engine actively monitors the position against its original trading objective with a continuous new price feed.

In short, we consider the risk control is the signal most important factor in trading success more than anything else.

 

