# Hedged pool products for retail investors

iob.fi DAO managed hedged pools are powered by ioBots.

### What is ioBots?

ioBots is a trading system. It is a collection of trading tools developed by IOB LLC in-house and is continuously being improved by the core development team at iob.fi DAO. Besides generating Buy or Sell signals, ioBots trading system tries to address trading as a system of interoperable components consist of the price feeds, trading strategy interpretation, decision engine, risk control engine, order engine based on smart contract interactions with other DeFi platforms, and the ongoing risk monitoring.  

In its simplest form, the ioBots can be expressed as: 

$$
ioBots=\frac{DecisionAlgos+SmartContractOrderEngine}{RiskControlAlgos}
$$

### What is a trading system?

A buying or selling signal is not a trading system. A strategy is not a trading system either. A well designed working trading system needs to have the following components: 

1. Clearly set objectives: All trading starts with a clear objective that will not change during the entire trading process;
2. Mechanism that seeks the consistency: The key to consistency is to keep what we have earned;
3. Market Types determination: ioBots identifies which of the 5 Market Types -- Very Bullish, Bullish, Choppy, Bearish, or Very Bearish -- is underway every day for each market we are trading through a proprietary algorithm;
4. Different strategies for different Market Types: There is no one single "best strategy." Each very bullish, bullish, choppy, bearish, or very bearish market type calls for a different trading strategy for that market on that trading day;
5. Pre-determined risk level: Knowing how much to lose before every order entry.

### What is the most important thing in investing and trading success?

Consistency is the \#1 secret to be a winning trader, but most traders fail to achieve it. Long-term views always win in trading. Most failed traders inadvertently treating trading as an adventure, rather than a profit-making business, therefore fail to achieve consistency.

### What is the best trading strategy?

A successful trader would start with a clear trading objective first. All methods of wealth growth start with a clear objective and a detailed action plan. Simply wanting to "make lots of money" is neither. Same as running a successful business, trading strategies and setups are only meaningful after a clearly defined objective is formulated.

### Why am I not achieving trading consistency?

The key to consistency is to keep what you have earned, and the key to that is to clearly define your Expected Max Drawdown _BEFORE_ entering any trade.

### **How to choose the best strategy?**

For any trading strategy to work well, you first must identify what the Market Type is at the moment.

### What are the iob Market Types?

iob.fi identifies which of the 5 Market Types -- Very Bullish, Bullish, Choppy, Bearish, or Very Bearish -- is underway every day for each market we are trading through a proprietary algorithm.

### Why is market-type awareness important?

Trading methods and strategies are not one-size-fits-all. A certain strategy may work well in the bullish market but loses badly in a bearish market. It is essential to have the right strategies for the corresponding market type.

### Again, what is the best trading strategy?

There is no one single "best strategy." Each very bullish, bullish, choppy, bearish, or very bearish market type calls for a different trading strategy for that market on that trading day.

### What are ioBots [trading signals](https://iob.fund/signals/)?

Trading Signals are buying and selling trading signals generated by ioBots developed by IOB LLC, which is being transferred iob.fi DAO. Currently, ioBots is covering 20 markets, including BTC, ETH, ADA, XTZ, Gold, MSFT, and TSLA, among others. These are the same trading signals Quasar Fund uses for all trading decisions. The Signals started for 6 trading pairs in July 2019. 14 more markets were subsequently added. The best historical total return is BCH with a 601.57% profit. The worst is XTZ with a loss of 11.46%. You can find detailed Signal performance history [here](https://iob.fund/signal/history/BTCUSD).

### What is a managed DeFi hedged pool?

A managed DeFi fund is beyond yield farming and on-chain record keeping. We are changing the entire trading model. Instead of trading on centralized exchanges with an order book, trading signals generated through a trading engine, and orders sent through high-speed network connections, we are developing trading strategies rooted in time-tested successful systems as smart contracts that interact natively with other DEX smart contracts automatically, preferably with a zero slippage. 

### What is Quasar Fund?

Started on September 3, 2019, Quasar Fund was the real-time trading "lab rat" used for ioBots algorithmic development. It also serves as a real-time, real-money track record builder for IOB LLC fund managers.

IOB LLC used the Quasar Fund to develop a brand-new trading system from the ground up. Many trading signals were divided into 4-5 small order sizes to test various limits of the system. This resulted in less-than-optimal results but that was the purpose of the fund.

### Why are the results of the signals better than that of Quasar Fund?

The Trading Signals and Quasar Fund have totally different objectives. Each "trading position" in the model portfolio is always [fully invested with $10,000](https://iob.fund/signals/portfolio), regardless of the risk level of the signal. This results in potentially big profits with larger per-position losses. The Model Portfolio represents an "Aggressive Growth" fund trading objective. On the other hand, the "Total Return" trading portfolio may have a higher risk tolerance with an even higher expected return than the model portfolio, but investors must be prepared for a roller-coaster ride.

No longer relying on centralized exchanges for order execution, Quasar Fund will be migrated to one of our DeFi funds in the near future.

### What is Defy Hedged Pool?

iob Defy Fund is the first tokenized, actively managed DeFi fund in the world. Defy will invest in derivatives of non-correlated asset classes including cryptocurrencies, commodities, and stock futures.

The objective of the Defy Fund is low-risk, stable growth with a targeted annual return in the low double digits.  

### What is DEFY token?

The DEFY token on the Defy DAO provides an open, auditable record for fund inflows and outflows, and is automatically connected to various DEX liquidity pools through a Web3 dApp.

The use of a DAO structure helps fundamentally change the decades-old fund structure, from fundraising to accounting, reporting, and auditing. No traditional third-party custodian and transfer agent required.

### What's the difference between Defy and other liquidity pools?

Currently, all the diversified liquidity pools are passive mixers of tokens. Some of them are similar to sector-specific ETFs. Since cryptocurrencies are highly correlated, they may suffer large drawdowns \(sometimes all coins drop over 80% from their peaks in a short period of time\) as the cryptocurrencies regularly exhibit in the past. Defy will actively trade in derivatives representing different asset classes, mitigating excessive drawdown risk.

Most liquidity pools hold just a few high-flying tokens at the time of their creation. They may experience some extraordinary short-term upside moves, but their short-term-focused design may not yield true meaningful long-term profit potential.

### What do I get by investing in Defy Hedged Pool?

The possibility of consistent capital appreciation for years to come. 

Defy Fund is not designed to chase the newest fad that may be associated with excessive risks.

To encourage our community-driven governance, Defy Fund investors and liquidity providers are granted FI governance token staking rewards.

